hey guys today I want to show you the
our generation diner set which is really
neat it comes with a lot of things these
stools come with it and they move around
so you can move them wherever you want
the display case is really nice you can
put your desserts in it and spin it
around from the back it also comes with
a real chalkboard so you can write on it
and it comes with one piece of chalk the
phone does not come off the wall but
it's really neat because the phone comes
up the countertop opens so the girls can
get behind the counter also right behind
the counter there's a button because
there's a light that comes on so you can
turn the neon light on and off it's kind
of hard to see in the video and then the
table does fold down there's a jukebox
if you press the pink card it plays
music the blinds
open and shut the bench does not come
off the floor here is all the food laid
out for you to see and then individually
you can see there's a hamburger that
comes apart the meat the lettuce the
pickles the bread there's a hotdog that
slides out of the bun there is a grilled
cheese sandwich that does not come apart
you have your tomato soup that's stuck
in the bowl you have a brownie sundae it
doesn't come off the plate you have a
basket of fries you also have a plate of
spaghetti and meatballs it's stuck on
the plate you'll have your chicken
nuggets and your ketchup you'll have
sausage eggs bacon and these do come off
of the plate so you can move those
around
you have a short stack with blueberries
on the side stuck on the plate and you
have I think a pastrami sandwich and it
comes with a pickle the pickle is the
only thing that comes off that plate and
for desserts in the display you'll
notice you have doughnuts you'll have
nine of these you have cupcakes you have
nine of these and then you have little
cookies and you'll have six of those now
remember in the back of the display case
there's a little button where you can
spin it around and then they give you a
display for your dessert here's your
cake one slice comes out of the cake
which looks so yummy and then you also
have a pie that has a slice that comes
out too blueberry pie and the whole pie
comes out of the tray so you can either
display the cake or the pie and then you
have a milkshake and you have an ice
cream sundae you have a really cute
banana split that's stuck in the bowl
and you have two smoothies and then you
have these soda pops with the straws
that are really neat
you have a coffee pot and the puffy
doesn't move the coffee cup comes off
the plate we also have a little ketchup
and mustard bottle you'll have your
sugar and the sugar moves around it's
just like glitter in there
then you'll have a pepper shaker that
moves around - glitter also and you'll
have salt moves around then you have the
little napkin dispenser it's just for
looks the napkin doesn't come out really
cute and then you'll have your notepad
to take orders it comes with several
pages so you can actually write on it a
pencil it doesn't work and you'll have
your money and your coins the only thing
is it does not come with a cash register
so you'll have to put that fun where and
then up here on the Shelf you have extra
storage for spare cups a picture we also
have bowls come in handy you have a
little olive oil dispenser and then you
have your silverware and then behind the
counter is really nice because there's
extra storage for whatever food you're
not playing with at the time so in my
opinion it's well worth the money thanks
for watching